/*
Name - Ashwin Anand
Seneca email - aanand24@myseneca.ca
Student id -152042206
Date of creation - 27 October 2021
*/

In this workshop, I learned about resource pointers which are variables in a class to which memory is assigned at run-time. We allocate static memory for the resource instance variables but dynamic memory for the values it will hold. Apart from this I think I learned the another valuable concept that is Rule of Three (Copy constructor, Copy Assignment operator, and Destructor). If there are non-resource instance variables, for them shallow copying and assigning is used, however for resource instance variable, we must use deep copying and assigning. To declare copy constructor we do like this ClassName(const ClassName&); Here ClassName is the name of hte class and the arguement is also of that class' reference. Its declaration is much like destructor but the only thing is its argument. It should be the reference of same class. Its defintion involves the value of initializing all the non-instance and resource instance variables through shallow copying and deep assigning from the resource respectively. Now, the copy assignment operator works like this only but the difference is that copy constructor assigns source's values to the newly created object and copy assignment assigns source's values to the already existing object. That's why, there is a standard way in which delete using delete operator whatever present in the already created object in the copy assignment before assigning it to the resource's values. Another thing in copy assignment the address of both the current object and the resource is compared to prevent deleting resource memory further and losing all data using delete operator. Destructor deletes the resource instance variables after implementation. Furthermore, I learned about input and output libaries for both standard and for file. I learned how to open a connection with files by using open method for file and also by using direct constructor. I fetched data from file and also write data to the file. All in all, I learnt various important things in this workshop.

